a: hello, i am listening to lady gaga, do you like her? b: i prefer rock music, like led zeppelin. a: madonna is my first favorite. do you go to a lot of concerts? b: i would if i could, but i have a farm to maintain.
a: Oh really!? That is interesting. I am actually italian myself. b: Awesome. Me and my partner just bought a house. I can't wait to cook in my kitchen. a: Moving in a new place can be a lot of fun. Are you a good cook? b: I like to think so. I love to make coffee for an after dinner treat too.
a: hi, how are you doing today? b: i am spending time with my 4 sisters what are you up to a: wow, four sisters. just watching game of thrones. b: that is a good show i watch that while drinking iced tea a: i agree. what do you do for a living? b: i'm a researcher. i'm researching the fact that mermaids are real
a: i’ve been hearing some strange noises around the house at night. b: oh no! that’s scary! what do you think it is? a: i don’t know, that’s what’s making me anxious. b: i’m sorry to hear that. i wish i could help you figure it out.
a: i finally got promoted today at work! b: congrats! that’s great! a: thank you! i’ve been trying to get it for a while now! b: that is quite an accomplishment and you should be proud!
a: great, thanks ! my children and i were just about to watch game of thrones. b: nice ! how old are your children? a: i have four that range in age from 10 to 21. you? b: i do not have children at the moment.
a: have you ever tried hatha yoga? that's what my wife and i do on the weekends. b: no, i've never tried it. i'll have to give it a try sometime. a: i hope it works out for you. it sounds like it would be good for your mental health. b: thank you. i hope you enjoy it as much as i enjoy my job. i teach it.
a: i like watching netflix. what is your favorite tv show to watch on tv? b: i like game of thrones. i think it is the best show on tv right now. a: yes, it is very good. i like that it is set in the same universe as the books. b: yes, that is why i like it so much. the books are so much better than the show. a: have you read any of the books by george r. r. martin? b: i have read some of his books, but not all of them.
a: yes, online shopping is a great way to spend time and money. do you shop online as well? b: no, i do not. i do like to shop online for things that are on sale though. a: what are your favorite things to shop on sale? b: i really like to buy shoes online.
a: hello, how are you? i am 35 years old and still single, lol. b: what, really? what do you do for a living? a: i am a teacher and teach japanese. do you have any hobbies? b: i like to play the drums in my band. my girlfriend and i go to high school together. a: how long have you two been together? b: we have been together for about 10 years. we live together with our parents. 